README.rst, before:

===============================
Hyper: HTTP/2 Client for Python
===============================

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/Lukasa/hyper/development/docs/source/images/hyper.png

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/Lukasa/hyper.png?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/Lukasa/hyper

HTTP is changing under our feet. HTTP/1.1, our old friend, is being
supplemented by the brand new HTTP/2 standard. HTTP/2 provides many benefits:
improved speed, lower bandwidth usage, better connection management, and more.

``hyper`` provides these benefits to your Python code. How? Like this::

    from hyper import HTTPConnection

    conn = HTTPConnection('http2bin.org:443')
    conn.request('GET', '/get')
    resp = conn.get_response()

    print(resp.read())

Simple.

Caveat Emptor!
==============

Please be warned: ``hyper`` is in a very early alpha. You *will* encounter bugs
when using it. In addition, there are very many rough edges. With that said,
please try it out in your applications: I need your feedback to fix the bugs
and file down the rough edges.

Versions
========

``hyper`` supports the final draft of the HTTP/2 specification: additionally,
it provides support for drafts 14, 15, and 16 of the HTTP/2 specification. It
also supports the final draft of the HPACK specification.

Compatibility
=============

``hyper`` is intended to be a drop-in replacement for ``http.client``, with a
similar API. However, ``hyper`` intentionally does not name its classes the
same way ``http.client`` does. This is because most servers do not support
HTTP/2 at this time: I don't want you accidentally using ``hyper`` when you
wanted ``http.client``.

Documentation
=============

Looking to learn more? Documentation for ``hyper`` can be found on `Read the Docs`_.

.. _Read the Docs: http://hyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Contributing
============

``hyper`` welcomes contributions from anyone! Unlike many other projects we are
happy to accept cosmetic contributions and small contributions, in addition to
large feature requests and changes.

Before you contribute (either by opening an issue or filing a pull request),
please `read the contribution guidelines`_.

.. _read the contribution guidelines: http://hyper.readthedocs.org/en/development/contributing.html

License
=======

``hyper`` is made available under the MIT License. For more details, see the
``LICENSE`` file in the repository.

Authors
=======

``hyper`` is maintained by Cory Benfield, with contributions from others. For
more details about the contributors, please see ``CONTRIBUTORS.rst``.

Commit message:

Update hyper package to version 0.8.0 and enhance Python compatibility
This commit updates the hyper package to version 0.8.0 with necessary changes in imports and code revisions. The package is now compatible with Python 3.8 to 3.12, as prior versions are no longer supported. A few string patterns in `rfc3986/misc.py` and the README section have been amended accordingly. Hostname checks are no longer needed as ssl in >=3.8 does them as part of the handshake.

README.rst, after:

===============================
Hyper: HTTP/2 Client for Python
===============================

This package is only maintained for compatibility with Django Push Notifications. It is not to be used in new projects.

``hyper`` is a Python package that provides an HTTP/2 client implementation.

An example of usage is::

    from hyper import HTTPConnection

    conn = HTTPConnection('nghttp2.org:443')
    conn.request('GET', '/httpbin/')
    resp = conn.get_response()

    print(resp.read())

Simple.

Caveat Emptor!
==============

Please be warned: ``hyper`` is in a very early alpha. You *will* encounter bugs
when using it. In addition, there are very many rough edges.

Versions
========

``hyper`` supports the final draft of the HTTP/2 specification: additionally,
it provides support for drafts 14, 15, and 16 of the HTTP/2 specification. It
also supports the final draft of the HPACK specification.

Compatibility
=============

``hyper`` is intended to be a drop-in replacement for ``http.client``, with a
similar API. However, ``hyper`` intentionally does not name its classes the
same way ``http.client`` does. This is because most servers do not support
HTTP/2 at this time: I don't want you accidentally using ``hyper`` when you
wanted ``http.client``.

Documentation
=============

Looking to learn more? Documentation for ``hyper`` can be found on `Read the Docs`_.

.. _Read the Docs: http://hyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

License
=======

``hyper`` is made available under the MIT License. For more details, see the
``LICENSE`` file in the repository.

Authors
=======

``hyper`` was originally maintained by Cory Benfield, with contributions from others. This fork is only maintained for
Python compatibility.
